RUMM-1494: Split SDK into core and integration modules (#79)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: CONTRIBUTING.md

yarn install
```

### Project structure overview

> Repository contains 2 main projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains 2 main projects:
```

> * SDK project, which consists of 3 workspaces: `react-native-sdk`, `react-native-sdk-react-navigation`, `react-native-sdk-react-native-navigation`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SDK project (in the `packages` folder), which consists of 3 workspaces: 
    * `core`: the core React Native SDK allowing tracking of logs, spans and RUM events,
    * `react-native-navigation`: an integration for the [react-native-navigation](https://github.com/wix/react-native-navigation) library
    * `react-navigation`: an integration for the [react-navigation](https://github.com/react-navigation/react-navigation) library
```

* Sample app project (in the `example` folder)

> Sample app project exists as dedicated project, because React Native tooling (`Metro` bundler specifically) [doesn't support symbolic links](https://github.com/facebook/metro/issues/1) which is utilized by the [yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) to have a single places for hosting `node_modules`. On the other hand, having symbolic links for SDK modules works fine, because it doesn't use React Native build tooling for running tests and linting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample app project exists as dedicated project, because the React Native tooling, the `Metro` bundler specifically, [doesn't support symbolic links](https://github.com/facebook/metro/issues/1), and is utilized by the [yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) to have a single places for hosting `node_modules`.
```
I don't think the last sentence is necessary? I may be misunderstanding though, and if so, it should be clarified and not say "on the other hand", because there is nothing on the first hand to begin with.

Author: I'm not sure that `and is utilized` is correct replacement here, because it gives the impression that sample app (or React Native tooling?) is utilized by `yarn workspaces`, while it is `symbolic links`.

Workspaces are managed with [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna).

> If you are using Visual Studio Code, please make sure to set workspace version of TypeScript instead of bundled with Visual Studio, check [this](https://stackoverflow.com/a/39676463/3222695) to see how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Visual Studio Code, set your workspace version to TypeScript instead of the native JS bundled with Visual Studio, check [this](https://stackoverflow.com/a/39676463/3222695) to see how to do it.
```

Author: What is meant here is to use proper version of TypeScript instead of TypeScript version bundled with VS Code (not JS version).

Reviewer: updated the suggestion to say Typescript

# Run the linter
yarn lint

# Run a command for the particular workspace (ex. @datadog/mobile-react-native)

> yarn workspace @datadog/mobile-react-native <command>

Reviewer 3: now you have to do the change in the bridge generator also right ?

Author: no, it doesn't change the file path.

yarn ios
```

## Releasing

> To bump SDK version, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bump your SDK version, run the following command:
```

```sh
yarn run lerna version <version> --ignore-changes --skip-git
```

> This will bump versions in the `lerna.json` and related `package.json` files, they need to be committed after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bumps the versions in the `lerna.json` and related `package.json` files, and then they need to be committed.
```

> Normally [lerna version](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/tree/main/commands/version#readme) can bump version only for modules which were changed, generate changelog and push changes, but we are not using these capabilities yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog does not support the functionality where the  [lerna version](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/tree/main/commands/version#readme) can bump version only for the changed, then generate a changelog, and push the changes.
```
shouldn't promise future functionality

Author: This sentence is only for us (dev team) as only we release new versions of SDK. It just says about release tooling to the other dev team members.

Author: I wanted to point that `Lerna` supports more advanced flow and there is a possible room for the improvement, but I think I'll remove this sentence then.

> To publish packages, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish the packages, run the following command:
```

```sh
yarn run lerna publish from-package
```

> This will do the publishing and also put `gitHead` to the corresponding `package.json` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This publishes the package and also point the `gitHead` to the corresponding `package.json` files.
```

Author: It seems that replacement `point the gitHead` here doesn't work, because what is meant here is that `gitHead` field in the `package.json` will be added (or updated). So `package.json` will look like that:

```
{
    "gitHead": abcdef
}
```

### How to test before shipping?

#### For iOS, run `make test-for-release`. If it doesn't work, read below

1. `cd path/to/dd-sdk-reactnative && yarn workspace @datadog/react-native-sdk pack`
    * this creates a tarball from your local & unpublished package

> 2. `cd {some other folder} && react-native init SomeAppName --version 0.63.4 && cd SomeAppName`

Reviewer 4: `--version` is great 💯 i didn't know that
